I'm visiting the videotape you go under
now push off the side and show mama how
you do not okay that was good one but
let's do the real good one where you go
straight under push off and go all the
way under to the other side good job not
sure your dolphin thing not just the
dolphin twirl but the dolphin that comes
up and pull your swimsuit top down a
little bit
the dolphin thing where you go under no
not the twirl where you go under a
napkin under net good job done now what
else you want to show her do you take
them out good job sure how you floated
yesterday sure how you floated yesterday
good yeah good job
now can you try flip okay Oh almost look
at rest yeah turn to them
okay almost you did a flip like sideways
but not upside down oh she's trying ha
almost all right doing good mom and
daddy can be so proud of you good job
you stood on Randall buddy yeah an eye
open good well your swimsuit top down we
got it tied too tight this time I think
you did alright you go ma'am
he's a man Luke squirting ma'am
let's pop I'll get water in it look yeah
let me get it up now did nobody wants to
see it but he can't see
one cycle look okay we'll try it just a
second nothing you try to get in the
middle
careful here let me see if it'd be there
let's skip that hairdo on here
nice water on the camera you got water
all over my camera look